let's take a look at how and where
Israel is intensifying its attacks in
Gaza the new phase of Israel's ground
invasion is targeting Khan Yunis in the
South it's gaza's second largest city
and home to hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians forced from their homes in
the north Israeli forces are battling
Palestinian fighters from the kasan
brigades and Islamic Jihad in the
regions shaded in red there's also heavy
fighting in several neighborhoods in
Gaza City all the fighting and troop
movements indicate Israel is aiming to
divide Gaza into three areas the north
the central region and the
South T abum joins us from outside the
Kuwaiti Hospital in rafah and today
Wednesday started with news of those
Israeli strikes claiming more civilian
lives such as first aid responders and
now we're
hearing the family of one of our
colleagues mman sharafi have fallen
victim to those
strikes yes Sammy first of all I would
like to send my uh my condolences to our
friend and colleague M lrai for the loss
of his parents a number of his siblings
alongside with the wives and their
children in an air strike that destroyed
the building that they were taking
shelter inside in jabalia refugee camp
uh may they rest in peace as the Israeli
attacks on the North and across the
territory has intensified during the
last couple of hours and since the early
beginning of this round of fighting mfi
family were were was one of the
Palestinian families who did not find
any safe shelter out and any safe
passage to evacuate to uh Rafa or to the
south of the of the Gaza Strip and they
have been living under very intense
bombing for more than 60 days until they
have been killed by the Israeli fires we
have also contacted a number of
residents inside jabalia refugee camp
earlier today in order to check on the
situation on the ground they told us
that the situation there is very dire as
they are really facing a very notable
shortage of food water and even they did
not find any medical drug to be obtained
in order to cure themselves from illness
and even uh diseases so the situation on
the ground in the north of the Gaza
Strip continues to be very complicated
and complex as the Israeli occupation
forces are expanding the military
operation into jabalia refugee camp
where the Israeli troops are having
different fire exchange with Palestinian
fighters in the the outskirts of the
refugee camp alongside with the main
Central areas of Gaza City and ttic
along those lines I think it's fair to
say we're seeing street fighting
intensifying these days where's that
leaving the battle for
Gaza yes the fighting on the ground on
separate areas inside Gaza continues
between Palestinian Fighters including
the alasam brigades fighters and even
alot brigades uh Soldier fighters who
are trying to confront and even to
thwart the Israeli ground Invasion into
main aan areas of gasa City and in the
north of the territory now these battles
are getting much more intense and
Furious due to the fact that Israel is
intensifying their attacks and the the
Palestinian Fighters are destroying and
attacking a different artillery tanks by
using anti-tank missiles and with a
diversity of uh light and heavy weapons
and in order just ear to force them to
to evacuate and to step back uh from the
areas where the civilians are still
inside as the bombardment continue on
several residential buildings uh the
Israel occupation right now is
intensifying the raise of their attacks
they depend on the destruction of
complete residential neighborhoods which
gives a guarantee that no one can remain
alive from the uh from the bombing and
it will help also to intimidate other
residents to flee to the south of the
Gaza Strip but meanwhile death is in
every corner across the
G talking about death around every
corner the UN now speaking of around 80%
of Gans having been displaced what's
happening to
them
yes that's definitely true 80% of
Palestinians have been forced to flee
from the houses due to the Israeli
intense bombing now they are all located
in one District in raah District in the
far south of Gaza Strip where they
become very overpopulated area uh with
notable uh demand and increased
consumption of uh of products in the
Palestinian market now they are taking
shelter in public areas they went to to
go for empty lands in order to set uh
tinted camps to live and to protect uh
themselves alongside with the family
members uh they are facing very
difficulty in terms uh a notable
difficulty in terms of having access to
enough amount of food uh they were they
are also forced to line up for long
hours uh to get some access for water uh
and the they literally on the ground
they are facing a very notable
deterioration in their conditions uh I
saw earlier today a number of residents
who were crying as they walking due to
the deterioration that took place uh to
their conditions they said that we did
not used to have this similar condition
before we used to have everything uh
what's going on in our life right now
Everything Has Changed upside down and
made growing concerns to be also
displaced from ra District but where to
go no areas remains inside Gaza as the
bombardment had destroyed everything
than you all right thanks so much T our
Zoom let's